Script
First: Today I will be talking about Rogers as Toronto Blue Jays Sponsor
Second: The questions are 
?	What are the benefits of Roger sponsorship for both companies?
?	Why Rogers fails to be a successful sponsor?
?	How Blue Jay’s financial slumps affects Roger? 
Third: This is a brief description of Toronto blue Jays is a Canadian professional baseball team, their first sponsors were Labatt Breweries, joined the MLB in 1977, main base of operation is in Toronto and their mayor accomplishment is back to back World Championship Series.  
Fourth: Next, we have Rogers’s involvement in the sponsorship of Blue Jays, as we know Rogers is  a Canadian communication and media company, his first  involvement was buying 80% of the club and also the naming right of SkyDome, that is today known for Rogers Centre.
Fifth: Let’s start with the questions. What are the benefits for both parties?
•	For Blue Jays are 
o	Brand awareness, people are more exposed to the team thanks to all the ad that Rogers send to its costumer.
o	Media exposure: thanks to Rogers every costumer can watch their games with Anyplace Roger TV
o	Funds available: Roger have invested over 800 million per year including players, infrastructure, and travels
•	For rogers are 
o	Increase revenues: More and more fans are subscribing to Anyplace Rogers and also increasing costumers due to benefits 
o	Maintain and attract customers: thanks to the service provided many fans will choose Rogers over other wireless communication company.
o	Unique product feature: is the only company that has binding with a Canadian MLB team.
Sixth: The reason why Rogers fail to be a successful? For almost 15 years Blue Jays has not won a Championship series, the reason behind this slumps includes these reason. 
•	Poor management: the managers of Rogers has fail to supervise the activities of the club, thus many of the investment made by Rogers has been spent poorly, such as infrastructure, promotional campaign.
•	Lack of involvement: Rogers’s involvement in the participating in the everyday activity of the club, such as recruiting management, athletic director, treasurer. 
•	Bad recruitment: Blue Jays has also fail to recruit players  



Seventh: 
•	Ninth: annual salaries of players is $20.2 million, which is $7 million more than the league average
